Bid reserve price 10 billion
Each bid must not be less than 10 billion
Yu Feng Consortium 100 billion
Direct 100 billion
This is a one-time payment.
Yes, the Qin family withdrew 100 billion this time
This is too scary
Xingyao Consortium 150 billion
180 billion
The most money the Qin family can mobilize
Only about 100 billion
Could it be that the Qin family is also looking for someone to cooperate with?
Who will they look for?
Xingyao Consortium 200 billion
210 billion is not right, 150 billion is their limit
All the families in the province that can raise so much money
Why don't we reach an agreement?
Even if other small consortia unite
It is impossible to make such a large
That's a lot of money.